welcome to 350 Hill Street our newest
listing it's a modern Beauty come inside
let me show you around it's a four
bedroom three and a half bath house wait
till you see this open floor plan in
addition to be an amazing modern house
it's really well designed from a layout
standpoint you've got this full bedroom
bathroom suite on the first level so if
you needed it for an au-pair or a nanny
suite or your in-laws or guess it's
great is it separate from the rest of
the house you got great south-facing
views lots of windows it's also going to
set the back staircase that leads you up
to the living space
he walked in here in the dining room
it's got a fireplace
it separates the sunken living room with
like 12 foot ceilings and nothing but
plate glass windows for amazing views
you've got a floating steel stairs
system
you got this incredible kitchen and
family room this is all Caesar stone
with the waterfall edges on run out the
kitchen is this outdoor space seamlessly
flowing out to the backyard
it's also a spiral staircase it goes all
the way up to the roof there are no
permits for it but the views from up
there are all of downtown all the East
Bay is phenomenal I would recommend
somebody looking into the prospects of
putting a deck up there
you got this incredible kitchen and
family-room really nice modern cabinetry
great Viking appliances double ovens
really nice glass backsplash
and these Fleetwood door systems that
pocket into the wall Fleetwood is known
as the rolls-royce of sliding glass
doors look at this great open floor plan
just off the dining room the other side
of the fireplace you have this huge
living room I'm gonna guess that these
are at least four foot ceilings back
here you have views to the east and you
see the south all plate glass windows
lots of natural light lots of space to
entertain a great place to just kick
that and hang out enjoy the view we're
down the bedroom level there's three
bedrooms two baths up here what's nice
and the bedrooms for the kids or back
here
the master seat is up front you have a
strip of satellites leading to this
master bedroom which is all about your
view
p50 Hill Street is located not only in
one of the hottest markets in San
Francisco but in the country
very close to all the shops and
restaurants on the same 24th Street this
John Maniscalco designed house is
approximately 3,400 square feet if
modern is what you want if design is
what you're after this house is a
must-see 350 Hill Street